Update issue templates - Closes #1615 (#1616)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/improvement.md

---
name: Improvement
about: Used, when improvements to existing content are suggested.
title: ''
labels: 'type: improvement'
assignees: ''

---

### Motivation

> Why  does this content need improvement?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why does this content need improvement?
```

### Description

> Explain, how the content should be improved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explain how the content should be improved.
```

### Location

#### Affected branch / URL

> Choose the branch that should be used as base branch for this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose the applicable branch that should be used as the base branch for this issue.
```

#### Page location

> Define the path and name for the new page in the documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Insert the path of the affected page(s) in the documentation.
```
